## Xavier
- If a user split/spanned their buy/sell/transfer into multiple trx they would still end up with the same total fee since it is a % of every trx they send. Unless you mean they wouldn't be taxed on dexes like idex where you lock your tokens into a contract for instance before trading. I am not concerned with that, so much volume is only on uniswap style dexes I am only concerned with affecting those trades which always happen in one trx and if i am correct are easy to identify onchain
- All good, it is the holidays so I am sure we are all a bit busy! Actually this is all fine, I forgot but all of the liquidity will be on our dex anyways. so we only need to worry about taxing trades on our dex. and we can tell the difference between buy/sell/transfer if it all happens on our own dex correct?
- If a user creates a liquidity pair on another dex, that liquidity pair won't be immune to the daily burns so putting a pair on another dex would be foolish while our dexes liquidity pair earns farming rewards and is immune to the daily burns (although it does sell itself off -> htz)
- let me know if that makes sense to you.
- Also happy holidays, after this milestone i'll add on a little bonus

## Mike
- You are right saying "If a user split/spanned their buy/sell/transfer into multiple trx they would still end up with the same total fee since it is a % of every trx they send."
- You've got it wrong, because of my poor English. I didn't mean splitting an otherwise single transfer over multiple transactions. I meant a sell/buy operation distributing its constituent transfers, like giving and taking, over different transactions. Please read the section "1. Challenges" in the [Indentifying-Transfers.md](https://github.com/MachineLearningMike/XDAO/blob/main/architecture/Identifying-Transfers.md.) file, for the challenges of identifying transactions.
- You said "..all of the liquidity will be on our dex anyways. we can tell the difference between buy/sell/transfer if it all happens on our own dex correct?". Yes, correct. But I think people can create XDAO/- pairs freely on any Dexes without our knowledge. You admitted that later.
- You are right and great saying "If a user creates a liquidity pair on another dex, that liquidity pair won't be immune to the daily burns so putting a pair on another dex would be foolish while our dexes liquidity pair earns farming rewards and is immune to the daily burns (although it does sell itself off -> htz)".

### Thought experiments
- The XDAO price on a liquidity pair, say XDAO/GOLD on another dex will go up every day because the pair is a holder of XDAO and is not immune to our daily XDAO burn and the XDAO reserve is reduced daily. People will want to sell their XDAO holdings, which is burned daily, for GOLD on the pair. The sells will include a XDAO transfer from the people to the pair. If the transfer is identified a pure transfer, they will pay less fees, and if a sell transfer, they will pay much more fees.

### Issues I.001 -  providing XDAO/FTM liquidity
- 